i'm gonna be good lion
i mean i can see it i can see her future
when i close my eyes
feeling it all laid down in front of us
[Music]
we're not going to lose
hey something wonderful is happening
tonight ladies i can feel it
come on give me a little walk let me
hear your wall oh man i'm trying to
focus your little roar lion
[Music]
you owe me money you don't have i'm
offering you an opportunity
without a royale 400k
take it to this address by this time
next week
and lion stays home to god
you don't seem like a boxer to me what
do you mean
you haven't got that thing what thing
this thing
[Music]
i don't walk around going like this to
people
i could kill you but i never get a
return on my investment
we got one option we fight
you use me from what i'm good at and
everybody knows it
you set me up
why am i gonna look out for you
[Music]
i know what you're trying to do you
don't know why i do what i do
we're not gonna lose
[Music]
you